1. WAP to access class vanablc using object.
2. WAP to access class members using the class object
3. WAP to differentiate between class and c*'ject variables
4. WAP to modifying a mutable type attnbute.
5. WAP to illustrate the difference public and Nivate variables
6. WAP to illustrate the use of a private method.
7. WAP to call a class method from another method of thc same class.
8. WAP to show how a class method calls a function defined in the global namespace.
9. WAP to vanablcs to a class at run-time.
10. WAP that uses class to store the name and marks of students. Use list to store thc marks in the threesubjects.
11. WAP With class Employee that keeps a track of the number of employees in an organization and also storetheir name. designation. and sal.ao• details.
12. WAP that has a class Ftson storing and DOB of a person- rrograrn should subtract DOB from today's date to find out whether a Frson is eligiblc to v€gc or not-
13. WAP that has a class Circle. Use a class variable to define the value of constant Pl. Use this class variable area and circumference of a circle with 5Fcitied radius.
14. WAP that has a clxss student that stores roll number, name. and marks (in three subjects) of the students. Display the information (roll number, name, and total marks) stores about the student-
15. WAP a class Rectangle that Ins attributes length and breath and a method area which returns the area of the rectangle.
16. WAP that has a class fraction with attributes numerator and denominator. Enter the values of the attributes and print the fraction in simplified from.
17. WAP that has a class numbers with values stored in the list. Write a class method to find the largest salue.
18. Write a class that store a string and all its status details such as number of uppercase character. vowel. consonants, spxes. etc.
19. WAP to deposit or withdraw in a bank account-
20. Create a class of student (name, sap id, marks[phy.chem.maths] Create 3 objects by taking inputs from the user and display details of all students.
21. Add constructor in thc above class to initialize studcnt dctails of n students and implement following new methods:
Display( ) student details
Find Marks_percentagc( ) of each student
Display result() (Note: if marks in each subject than pass else Faill
Write a Function to find averagc of the class
22. Create programs to implement different types of inheritances.
23. Create a class to implement method Overriding.
24. Create a class for operator overloading which adds two Point Objects where Point has x & y values
e.g. if
P1(x=10,y=20)
p2(x=12,y=15)
p3=p1+p2=(x=22,y=35)